Adding an option to set the runtime path to node agent (#357)
kubescape/helm-charts: charts/kubescape-operator/README.md

| global.kubescapePsp.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable all privileges in Pod Security Policies for Kubescape namespace |
| global.httpsProxy | string | `""` | Set https egress proxy for all components. Must supply also port.  |
| global.proxySecretFile | string | `""` | Set proxy certificate / RootCA for all components to be used for proxy configured in global.httpsProxy |

> | global.overrideRuntimePath | string | `""` | Override the runtime path for all components |

Reviewer: technically it's only for node-agent

```bash
kubectl -n <namespace> get networkneighbors <workload-kind>-<workload-name> -o yaml
```
---
## Common Issues
* Error starting the container watcher - `(fanotify)`.

  This error is usually caused by the `node-agent` not being able to find `runc` in any of the default paths.
  This can be fixed by adding the path of `runc` to the global configuration [here](#values).

>   If you aren't sure where `runc` is located, you can run the following command to find it:

Reviewer: where should I run this command?
- ssh to node: usually not available
- node-agent pod: impossible since we're distroless
- temporary privileged pod: yes, but you should give the correct kubectl invocation

```bash
kubectl -n <namespace> get networkneighbors <workload-kind>-<workload-name> -o yaml
```
---
## Common Issues
* Error starting the container watcher - `(fanotify)`.

  This error is usually caused by the `node-agent` not being able to find `runc` in any of the default paths.
  This can be fixed by adding the path of `runc` to the global configuration [here](#values).
  If you aren't sure where `runc` is located, you can run the following command on the node to find it:
  ```bash
  find / -name runc 2>/dev/null
  ```

>   In case you are in an environment where you can't access the node, once solution is to run a privileged pod on the node, and run the command from there, to run a privileged pod, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case you are in an environment where you can't access the node, one solution is to run a privileged pod on the node, and run the command from there. To create a privileged pod, run the following command:
```
